paper-bot: Update MCKBZ59E (#679)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/radovich-2018-MCKBZ59E.md

---
title: The Integrated Genomic Landscape of Thymic Epithelial Tumors
image: radovich-2018-MCKBZ59E.png
image-alt: >-
  a graphical abstract with an icon of a human and arrows leading from the person to three aspects of thymic epithelial
  tumors
members:
  - nils-gehlenborg
year: 2018
type: article
publisher: 'https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S1535610818300035'
doi: 10.1016/j.ccell.2018.01.003
cite:
  authors: >-

>     M Radovich, CR Pickering, I Felau, G Ha, H Zhang, H Jo, KA Hoadley, P Anur, J Zhang, M McLellan, R Bowlby, T
>     Matthew, L Danilova, AM Hegde, J Kim, MDM Leiserson, G Sethi, C Lu, M Ryan, X Su, AD Cherniack, G Robertson, R Akbani, 
>     P Spellman, JN Weinstein, DN Hayes, B Raphael, T Lichtenberg, K Leraas, JC Zenklusen, *The Cancer Genome Atlas Network* (incl. N Gehlenborg), J Fujimoto, C
>     Scapulatempo-Neto, AL Moreira, D Hwang, J Huang, M Marino, R Korst, G Giaccone, Y Gokmen-Polar, S Badve, A Rajan, P
>     Ströbel, N Girard, MS Tsao, A Marx, AS Tsao, PJ Loehrer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    M Radovich, CR Pickering, I Felau, G Ha, H Zhang, H Jo, KA Hoadley, P Anur, J Zhang, M McLellan, R Bowlby, 
    T Matthew, L Danilova, AM Hegde, J Kim, MDM Leiserson, G Sethi, C Lu, M Ryan, X Su, AD Cherniack, 
    G Robertson, R Akbani, P Spellman, JN Weinstein, DN Hayes, B Raphael, T Lichtenberg, K Leraas, 
    JC Zenklusen, *The Cancer Genome Atlas Network* (incl. N Gehlenborg), J Fujimoto, C Scapulatempo-Neto, 
    AL Moreira, D Hwang, J Huang, M Marino, R Korst, G Giaccone, Y Gokmen-Polar, S Badve, A Rajan, 
    P Ströbel, N Girard, MS Tsao, A Marx, AS Tsao, PJ Loehrer
```

---
title: The Integrated Genomic Landscape of Thymic Epithelial Tumors
image: radovich-2018-MCKBZ59E.png
image-alt: >-
  a graphical abstract with an icon of a human and arrows leading from the person to three aspects of thymic epithelial
  tumors
members:
  - nils-gehlenborg
year: 2018
type: article
publisher: 'https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S1535610818300035'
doi: 10.1016/j.ccell.2018.01.003
cite:
  authors: >-

>     M Radovich, CR Pickering, I Felau, G Ha, H Zhang, H Jo, KA Hoadley, P Anur, J Zhang, M McLellan, R Bowlby, T
>     Matthew, L Danilova, AM Hegde, J Kim, MDM Leiserson, G Sethi, C Lu, M Ryan, X Su, AD Cherniack, G Robertson, R
>     Akbani, P Spellman, JN Weinstein, DN Hayes, B Raphael, T Lichtenberg, K Leraas, JC Zenklusen, J Fujimoto, C
>     Scapulatempo-Neto, AL Moreira, D Hwang, J Huang, M Marino, R Korst, G Giaccone, Y Gokmen-Polar, S Badve, A Rajan, P
>     Ströbel, N Girard, MS Tsao, A Marx, AS Tsao, PJ Loehrer, A Ally, EL Appelbaum, JT Auman, M Balasundaram, S Balu, M
>     Behera, R Beroukhim, M Berrios, G Blandino, T Bodenheimer, MS Bootwalla, J Bowen, D Brooks, FM Carcano, R Carlsen,
>     AL Carvalho, P Castro, L Chalabreysse, L Chin, J Cho, G Choe, E Chuah, S Chudamani, C Cibulskis, L Cope, MG Cordes,
>     D Crain, E Curley, T Defreitas, JA Demchok, F Detterbeck, N Dhalla, H Dienemann, WJ Edenfield, F Facciolo, ML
>     Ferguson, S Frazer, CC Fronick, LA Fulton, RS Fulton, SB Gabriel, J Gardner, JM Gastier-Foster, N Gehlenborg, M
>     Gerken, G Getz, DI Heiman, S Hobensack, A Holbrook, RA Holt, AP Hoyle, CM Hutter, M Ittmann, SR Jefferys, CD Jones,
>     SJM Jones, K Kasaian, J Kim, PK Kimes, PH Lai, PW Laird, MS Lawrence, P Lin, J Liu, L Lolla, Y Lu, Y Ma, DT
>     Maglinte, D Mallery, ER Mardis, MA Marra, J Martin, M Mayo, S Meier, M Meister, S Meng, M Meyerson, PA Mieczkowski,
>     CA Miller, GB Mills, RA Moore, S Morris, LE Mose, T Muley, AJ Mungall, K Mungall, R Naresh, Y Newton, MS Noble, T
>     Owonikoko, JS Parker, J Paulaskis, R Penny, CM Perou, C Perrin, T Pihl, A Radenbaugh, S Ramalingam, N Ramirez, R
>     Rieker, J Roach, S Sadeghi, G Saksena, JE Schein, HK Schmidt, SE Schumacher, C Shelton, T Shelton, Y Shi, J Shih, G
>     Sica, HCS Silveira, JV Simons, P Sipahimalani, T Skelly, HJ Sofia, MG Soloway, J Stuart, Q Sun, A Tam, D Tan, R
>     Tarnuzzer, N Thiessen, DJ Van Den Berg, MA Vasef, U Veluvolu, D Voet, V Walter, Y Wan, Z Wang, A Warth, CA Weis, DJ
>     Weisenberger, MD Wilkerson, L Wise, T Wong, HT Wu, Y Wu, L Yang, J Zhang, E Zmuda

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    M Radovich, CR Pickering, I Felau, G Ha, H Zhang, H Jo, KA Hoadley, P Anur, J Zhang, M McLellan, R Bowlby, T
    Matthew, L Danilova, AM Hegde, J Kim, MDM Leiserson, G Sethi, C Lu, M Ryan, X Su, AD Cherniack, G Robertson, R Akbani, 
    P Spellman, JN Weinstein, DN Hayes, B Raphael, T Lichtenberg, K Leraas, JC Zenklusen, *The Cancer Genome Atlas Network* (incl. N Gehlenborg), J Fujimoto, C
    Scapulatempo-Neto, AL Moreira, D Hwang, J Huang, M Marino, R Korst, G Giaccone, Y Gokmen-Polar, S Badve, A Rajan, P
    Ströbel, N Girard, MS Tsao, A Marx, AS Tsao, PJ Loehrer
```
